--- Page 1 ---
Position — Intern (IPS Team)
Informatica is the only Enterprise Cloud Data Management leader that accelerates data-driven
digital transformation. Informatica enables companies to unleash the power of data to become
more agile, realize new growth opportunities, lead to new inventions resulting in intelligent market
disruptions.
With over 10,000 customers worldwide, Informatica is the trusted leader in Enterprise Cloud Data
Management. Your Opportunity: Imagine yourself working for the leading independent software
provider focused on delivering transformative innovation for the future of all things data.
Organizations around the world rely on Informatica to realize their information potential and drive
top business imperatives. As a University Graduate at Informatica, you will be exposed to innovative
culture, challenging work and a fast moving, results oriented environment.
Informatica Professional Services(IPS),youwillprovide product expertise and data management
knowledge to deliver the most architecturally efficient and cost-effective solution for our customer’s
data integration projects. The Consultant will work closely with the customer, other Informatica
consultants and customer/partner resources, Sales, Global Customer Support and Product
Management to ensure customer’s success and satisfaction with our products and services and
contribute to their long-term loyalty. The successful candidate will drive the Informatica Data Quality
implementations. Working either independently, with or within a team, you will have the
opportunity to work at the front end in a rapidly growing business. Our Ideal Candidate: You are a
technology savvy IT professional who strives for excellence and is known as a trusted advisor to the
customer. You possess superb communication and customer-relationship skills and are comfortable
working both independently and collaboratively. You’re advanced problem solving skills and
Technical aptitudes allow you to adapt to new circumstances and learn quickly when facing new
problems and challenges.
Applying your superior business acumen and resource management skills you meet deadlines and
set the example for good work procedures.
In addition to the attributes mentioned, you’ll also be able to: - Adapt to customer’s work culture
and establish an excellent working relationship with them - Demonstrate a strong desire to grow
both technically and as a trusted advisor to the customer.
Your Responsibilities Deliver solutions per Velocity methodology:
1. Document and review requirements, technical specifications, and customer expectations
2. Design the solution.
3. Build the solution per specifications and customer expectations.
4. Execute test plan and document results; debug solution as required.
5. Document solution using Velocity templates.
Contribute to team solution implementation:
1. As amember of the team, apply technical skills to the solution.
2. Implement the solution based on project lead’s guidance.
3. Communicate project status to project lead.

--- Page 2 ---
4. Ensure that features of the solutionare correctly and consistently implemented.

On-going skills development:

1. Identify skill development needs and training plan.

2. Shadow experienced consultants on client sites to gain knowledge ,skills and experience.

3. Contribute to Velocity Knowledge Base, weekly calls.

4. Identify and attend formal training classes.

5. Demonstrate self-sufficiency in problems solving and knowledge acquisition from resources
throughout the company. Additional Information: Informatica offers a competitive compensation
package that includes base salary, medical, tax benefits and more.

Our generous benefits vary depending on your geographic work location. It’s an exciting time to
work at Informatica. You can learn more about our company, our products and our services at
www.informatica.com.We are an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE)